.if n.ad l
.nh

.TH format.sh 1 "2018-09-26" "shellman 0.3.4" "User Commands"

.SH "NAME"
format.sh \- Format your output with style and color.

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Available arguments to the 'format' function:
    Foreground       │  Foreground (intense)
    _________________│________________________________
                     │
    d, default       │
    k, black         │  ik, intenseBlack
    r, red           │  ir, intenseRed
    g, green         │  iG, intenseGreen
    y, yellow        │  iy, intenseYellow
    b, blue          │  ib, intenseBlue
    m, magenta       │  im, intenseMagenta
    c, cyan          │  ic, intenseCyan
    w, white         │  iw, intenseWhite
    Background       │  Background (intense)
    _________________│________________________________
                     │
    od, onDefault    │
    ok, onBlack      │  oik, onIntenseBlack
    or, onRed        │  oir, onIntenseRed
    og, onGreen      │  oiG, onIntenseGreen
    oy, onYellow     │  oiy, onIntenseYellow
    ob, onBlue       │  oib, onIntenseBlue
    om, onMagenta    │  oim, onIntenseMagenta
    oc, onCyan       │  oic, onIntenseCyan
    ow, onWhite      │  oiw, onIntenseWhite
    Style            │  Reset style
    _________________│________________________________
                     │
                     │  ra, RA, reset, resetAll
    B, bold          │  rb, RB, resetBold
    F, faint         │  rf, RF, resetFaint
    I, italic        │  ri, RI, resetItalic
    U, underlin      │  ru, RU, resetUnderline
    K, blink         │  rk, RK, resetBlink
    R, reverse       │  rr, RR, resetReverse
    H, hidden        │  rh, RH, resetHidden
    S, strike        │  rs, RS, resetStrike
    Extra            │  Explanation
    _________________│________________________________
                     │
    nl, newline      │  Add a newline at the end.
    dr, dryrun       │  Don't interpret ansi codes.
    er, stderr       │  Print on standard error.
    nr, noreset      │  Don't reset previous sequences.
    --               │  Stop interpretation of arguments as options.

.SH "FUNCTIONS"
.IP "\fBformat [OPTIONS] [ARGS]\fR" 4
Format the output with style and color

.I Arguments
    \fBOPTIONS\fR - Letters or complete names of style/colors.
    \fBARGS   \fR - Text to print.



.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IP "\fBformat onBlack intenseGreen faint bold; echo 'SUCCESS!'; format reset
Black background, intense-green foreground, fainted and bold.\fR" 4

.IP "\fBformat B k U oib nl INFO
Bold, black foreground, underline, intense-blue background and new line.\fR" 4

.SH "NOTES"
On linux terminals (tty), high intensity colors will
be replaced by their 8-colors equivalent.
Also underline, faint and blink will be ignored.
Other available styles may or may not be interpreted by your terminal.
